Let's say you want to write a simple cashier program for a store.
This program should automatically calculate and return
the correct change in dollars and cents to someone trying to make a purchase.
So say, they buy a bunch of bananas that cost $3.60
and then they hand our cashier program $5.75.
The program will calculate the correct change,
which will be the difference between the provided dollars and the cost of the item.
In this case, $2.15.
And we want our program to return this value as output.
To do this in code, write a function called makeChange,
that should take in two parameters: the cost of an item,
like 3.60 for bananas,
and the dollars a person provides, like 5.75.
And these are both double variable types.
Then this function should calculate the correct change,
which will just be the dollars provided minus the cost of the item.
And then finally, you want your function to return
this value and to return any data like change,
you'll have to do two things in your function definition.
The first is to change the return type,
which has usually been void to the output type you expect to be returned,
the output type of the calculated change.
Second, you want to return the value of your data.
The value of the calculated change in a return statement.
So go ahead and write the function makeChange.